change lightning conflict resolution ignore (#18911) (#18914)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-logical-import-mode-usage.md

| Strategy | Default behavior of conflicting data | The corresponding SQL statement |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `"replace"` | Replacing existing data with new data. | `REPLACE INTO ...` |

> | `"ignore"` | Keeping existing data and ignoring new data. | If `conflict.threshold` is greater than 0, `INSERT INTO` is used; if `conflict.threshold` is `0`, `INSERT IGNORE INTO ...` is used |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `"ignore"` | Keeping existing data and ignoring new data. | If `conflict.max-record-rows` is greater than 0, `INSERT INTO` is used; if `conflict.max-record-rows` is `0`, `INSERT IGNORE INTO ...` is used |
```

| Strategy | Default behavior of conflicting data | The corresponding SQL statement |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `"replace"` | Replacing existing data with new data. | `REPLACE INTO ...` |

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> | `"ignore"` | Keeping existing data and ignoring new data. | `INSERT IGNORE INTO ...` |
> | `"error"` | Pausing the import and reporting an error. | `INSERT INTO ...` |
> |  `""`  | TiDB Lightning does not detect or handle conflicting data. If data with primary and unique key conflicts exists, the subsequent step reports an error. |  None   |
> =======
> | `"ignore"` | Keeping existing data and ignoring new data. | If `conflict.threshold` is greater than 0, `INSERT INTO` is used; if `conflict.threshold` is `0`, `INSERT IGNORE INTO ...` is used |
> | `"error"` | Terminating the import when conflicting data is detected. | `INSERT INTO ...` |
> |  `""`  | Converted to `"error"`, which means terminating the import when conflicting data is detected.  |  None   |
> >>>>>>> 3a6cb735bd (change lightning conflict resolution ignore (#18911))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `"ignore"` | Keeping existing data and ignoring new data. | If `conflict.threshold` is greater than 0, `INSERT INTO` is used; if `conflict.threshold` is `0`, `INSERT IGNORE INTO ...` is used |
| `"error"` | Pausing the import and reporting an error. | `INSERT INTO ...` |
|  `""`  | TiDB Lightning does not detect or handle conflicting data. If data with primary and unique key conflicts exists, the subsequent step reports an error. |  None   |
```
